Today:
Figure out if you're going with one large monitor or selecting monitors.
If you select a monitor you're probably gonna have a contingency plan in place where it just automatically goes with what's available.
More organizing. 

++ + * - -- buttons for size and such
Aspect Ratio scaling
The logic will probably be something like... when you load in a new image stretch everything to the aspect ratio of the first image loaded

Make it so that right when you start up the app it reads everything it needs to. The FPS and all that jazz is updated

Ability to press enter to input.

Some notes (might contain stuff you've already finished, go through it):


I think I'm gonna need it to lock to a specific display. soon

I wonder if there's something that can quickly divy out your functions so it's less cluttered.

A universal frame incrementer! So that the idle frame never goes off sync!

Ask Nick about detecting malicious software

Unfortunately I think you're gonna have to do some text box adjustments first...

Have it select from your PCs font list?

Maybe some sound stuff?

"At the 5ms mark hit the downbeat"

After figuring out file integration with OBS and that whole mess. Saving downbeat data and regular/half-time/quarter-time to each preset!

If that seems hard doing the tap to create tempo integrated in with the start from downbeat feature could be a quick fix for the moment. unless that's hard two...

Shrimple debug mode where it displays the sprite number to the right of the gif


Adjust character width and height through manual numbers

Making a sprite load in at the proper size and aspect ratio scaling.

Making sure that the default looping dance doesn't desync at any point. If another animation plays it still keeps track of what frame it should be on.

Next is some overhauls to the way mainwindow is displayed

You want to be able to edit it super easily in the ui!



Really just presets. Those seem important. This might be easier now with the whole character and text box positioning thing. You also need to figure out the whole textbox thing. That's a whole can of worms.

Bug where the bpm ion the clickable text box doesn't adjust to the proper displayed bpm on the right

How to tell when code is written by ChatGPT

Bonzi Buddy research

Professor Helper

Some sort of indicator that I'm typing?

Changing size

Make the font and textbox look even more like hypnospace

Multiple idle animations

Deformatting enters?

Sprite editor like what you made for gamemaker

STREAM STUFF

Chill background music playlist

Raid someone I fought

Lights camera action from sonic mania works REALLY well with tenna